Instructions for making a Python module from the Aarhus tqDist code.

The code is from Christian N. S. Petersen and colleagues at
Bioinformatics Research Centre (BiRC) at Aarhus U, and can be obtained
from

https://users-cs.au.dk/~cstorm/software/tqdist

Many thanks to the authors and programmers for this.  I have a copy
included here, file tqDist-1.0.2.tar.gz.

There is a paper about it here --
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24651968

To install it, make sure you have the prerequisites properly in place.

Make sure you have Python.h in your include path.  You probably have
that if you installed Python from source, from MacPorts, from
Homebrew, or if you installed python-dev.

You need the boost-python3 library.  On Ubuntu its something like sudo
apt-get install libboost-python3.  On my very old ubuntu box, I built
boost-python from source, and that worked, although I suppose
installing a package would work as well.  On my mac, this week I have
python3.8 from Homebrew, and I installed boost-python3 from homebrew
as well.  That worked.

Unpack the tqDist source.

The source code for tqDist has python bindings included, but they use
an interface via files, while I wanted it to interface in-memory only,
so I have made another python interface, included in P4TqDistPyStuff.
Copy setup.py and tqdistmodule.cpp into the tqDist-1.0.2/tqDist
directory, and cd there.

Edit the setup.py file to make the boost-pythonXX library the one you have.

Then build it, by ---

python3 setup.py build_ext --inplace

and pay attention to any error messages as they fly by.  (Warnings are
usually ok)

If it works, you will get a module, eg tqdist.cpython-38-darwin.so.
You can test it in this location with the doTest.py script.  When you
are sure it can be imported by Python, and is functional, you can put
it in your p4 python lib directory.

There is an example of its use in p4 in
share/Examples/G_trees/B_topologyDistance


